malignant head or neck 80s
benign upper extremity 80s
malignant upper extremity 80s
malignant posterior torso 50s
benign posterior torso 60s
malignant lower extremity 80s
malignant lateral torso 70s
benign head or neck 70s
benign head or neck 80s
benign posterior torso 50s
malignant lower extremity 60s
malignant posterior torso 80s
benign palms or soles 20s
benign upper extremity 20s
benign lower extremity 70s
benign head or neck 30s
benign posterior torso 10s
benign upper extremity 60s
malignant anterior torso 50s
malignant posterior torso 40s
malignant anterior torso 40s
malignant palms or soles 60s
benign anterior torso 70s
malignant lower extremity 30s
benign lateral torso 20s
benign head or neck 0s
malignant head or neck 40s
malignant anterior torso 70s
benign head or neck 50s
indeterminate upper extremity 50s
malignant posterior torso 20s
benign lower extremity 20s
benign posterior torso 70s
benign upper extremity 50s
benign head or neck 40s
malignant upper extremity 30s
benign lower extremity 80s
benign lower extremity 60s
malignant lower extremity 70s
benign anterior torso 80s
malignant lateral torso 40s
benign lower extremity 40s
benign posterior torso 20s
malignant posterior torso 10s
benign lateral torso 30s
malignant upper extremity 40s
benign upper extremity 10s
malignant head or neck 50s
benign lateral torso 70s
benign lower extremity 0s
benign anterior torso 60s
benign lower extremity 30s
malignant anterior torso 80s
benign palms or soles 40s
malignant anterior torso 20s
malignant head or neck 70s
malignant upper extremity 60s
malignant lower extremity 40s
malignant head or neck 20s
benign upper extremity 40s
benign lateral torso 50s
benign anterior torso 30s
benign anterior torso 10s
benign lateral torso 40s
malignant lateral torso 50s
benign lateral torso 80s
malignant upper extremity 20s
benign head or neck 10s
benign posterior torso 30s
malignant palms or soles 80s
benign anterior torso 50s
malignant anterior torso 30s
malignant head or neck 60s
benign lower extremity 10s
malignant upper extremity 70s
benign lower extremity 50s
malignant posterior torso 60s
malignant lateral torso 60s
malignant anterior torso 10s
benign posterior torso 40s
benign lateral torso 10s
benign head or neck 60s
malignant lower extremity 50s
benign upper extremity 30s
malignant upper extremity 10s
benign anterior torso 20s
benign lateral torso 60s
benign palms or soles 30s
benign head or neck 20s
benign upper extremity 70s
malignant head or neck 30s
malignant anterior torso 60s
benign upper extremity 0s
malignant posterior torso 30s
malignant upper extremity 50s
malignant posterior torso 70s
benign anterior torso 40s
malignant lower extremity 20s
benign posterior torso 80s
