malignant upper extremity 10s male
malignant head or neck 40s female
benign head or neck 20s male
malignant upper extremity 40s female
benign palms or soles 40s female
benign lateral torso 20s male
benign lower extremity 70s female
benign upper extremity 40s female
benign posterior torso 70s female
benign head or neck 20s female
benign head or neck 50s female
malignant lower extremity 70s male
malignant posterior torso 40s female
benign palms or soles 30s female
benign head or neck 10s male
benign posterior torso 30s male
benign lateral torso 50s male
malignant posterior torso 60s male
malignant head or neck 20s female
benign posterior torso 60s male
benign posterior torso 10s male
benign head or neck 30s male
benign head or neck 40s male
malignant posterior torso 50s female
benign lateral torso 80s male
malignant upper extremity 60s female
malignant head or neck 50s male
malignant lateral torso 50s male
malignant posterior torso 80s female
benign posterior torso 80s female
benign head or neck 0s male
benign anterior torso 40s male
benign head or neck 60s male
benign posterior torso 40s male
benign anterior torso 70s male
malignant lower extremity 30s male
benign lateral torso 40s female
malignant anterior torso 30s female
malignant anterior torso 40s female
benign anterior torso 20s female
malignant upper extremity 50s male
benign upper extremity 40s male
malignant anterior torso 80s female
benign posterior torso 40s female
malignant head or neck 30s female
benign upper extremity 60s female
malignant head or neck 80s male
benign posterior torso 80s male
benign lower extremity 80s male
malignant lower extremity 50s male
malignant palms or soles 60s male
malignant lateral torso 70s male
benign lower extremity 60s male
benign lower extremity 30s female
benign lower extremity 20s male
benign upper extremity 0s female
benign lower extremity 50s male
benign head or neck 80s male
malignant posterior torso 50s male
malignant lateral torso 50s female
benign head or neck 60s female
malignant upper extremity 20s male
benign posterior torso 10s female
malignant head or neck 50s female
malignant lower extremity 40s female
benign palms or soles 20s male
benign posterior torso 20s male
benign lateral torso 60s male
malignant anterior torso 50s male
malignant upper extremity 70s female
benign posterior torso 50s male
benign head or neck 70s male
benign anterior torso 10s male
benign upper extremity 30s female
benign anterior torso 60s male
malignant head or neck 60s male
benign lateral torso 10s female
benign lower extremity 20s female
benign anterior torso 10s female
benign posterior torso 20s female
malignant upper extremity 30s female
benign lower extremity 40s female
benign upper extremity 80s male
benign lower extremity 60s female
benign head or neck 50s male
benign posterior torso 70s male
malignant anterior torso 50s female
malignant upper extremity 80s male
benign head or neck 30s female
malignant posterior torso 60s female
benign lateral torso 60s female
benign lower extremity 40s male
malignant posterior torso 10s female
malignant upper extremity 20s female
malignant lower extremity 40s male
malignant upper extremity 80s female
malignant lower extremity 80s male
benign lateral torso 40s male
benign anterior torso 20s male
benign anterior torso 80s male
malignant lower extremity 20s male
malignant anterior torso 60s male
malignant upper extremity 70s male
benign anterior torso 40s female
benign anterior torso 60s female
benign lower extremity 10s male
benign lower extremity 10s female
malignant upper extremity 40s male
malignant head or neck 60s female
benign upper extremity 60s male
benign upper extremity 50s female
benign anterior torso 80s female
benign head or neck 40s female
benign posterior torso 30s female
benign anterior torso 70s female
malignant posterior torso 30s female
malignant head or neck 70s female
benign lower extremity 0s male
malignant upper extremity 50s female
malignant head or neck 80s female
malignant lower extremity 80s female
benign lateral torso 20s female
malignant head or neck 20s male
malignant lower extremity 70s female
malignant lower extremity 50s female
malignant lateral torso 40s male
malignant posterior torso 30s male
benign palms or soles 20s female
malignant posterior torso 70s male
benign lower extremity 70s male
benign upper extremity 10s male
benign head or neck 10s female
malignant head or neck 40s male
benign posterior torso 60s female
malignant upper extremity 60s male
benign anterior torso 50s female
malignant anterior torso 70s female
malignant head or neck 70s male
malignant lower extremity 60s female
benign upper extremity 10s female
malignant anterior torso 80s male
malignant posterior torso 20s female
malignant lower extremity 60s male
benign upper extremity 30s male
benign lower extremity 30s male
benign upper extremity 80s female
malignant upper extremity 30s male
malignant posterior torso 80s male
indeterminate head or neck 30s male
benign anterior torso 50s male
malignant anterior torso 70s male
malignant anterior torso 20s female
benign upper extremity 70s female
benign lateral torso 50s female
benign upper extremity 50s male
benign upper extremity 70s male
malignant posterior torso 20s male
malignant lower extremity 30s female
benign upper extremity 20s male
malignant posterior torso 70s female
malignant lateral torso 60s male
malignant palms or soles 80s male
benign lower extremity 80s female
benign head or neck 70s female
benign anterior torso 30s female
malignant anterior torso 10s female
benign head or neck 80s female
benign lateral torso 70s female
malignant posterior torso 40s male
benign posterior torso 50s female
benign anterior torso 30s male
benign lower extremity 50s female
benign lateral torso 30s female
benign lateral torso 30s male
malignant anterior torso 40s male
benign upper extremity 20s female
malignant palms or soles 80s female
benign lateral torso 70s male
malignant anterior torso 60s female
benign palms or soles 40s male
